Let's do one last little thing
about inspecting stuff and
figuring out how to select
different things, right?
Cuz sometimes you're like, okay,
I need to get all the buttons.
But again, we haven't brought
any order to that yet, so
how do I get, or I need to change
all of the red boxes here.
Could I hold Shift and
select them one by one?
I could, that's a thing that I could do.
I don't want to, but
it's a thing that I could do.
There's a bunch of ways that
we can go about doing this.
So I could grab one of these.
I could go up to this Figma menu, I could
Edit, select all with the same fill.
We'll grab all of the boxes that
have the same fill color, right?
That's super useful.
The easier way to about doing
this is if you go and select,
and this is also useful
if you get a design and
you're trying to figure out what
the CSS needs to be, right?
You're like,
what are all the colors happening here so
I can make either SAS variables or
CSS variables?
You can actually go ahead and
see all the hex code colors and
begin to set up your
variables in your CSS or SAS.
You can also, for any one of these,
hit that little target.
And now I will have just the ones
that are that color as well.
So that's a super useful way of selecting.
So I wanted to get for instance,
I would just grab an entire frame,
so I command clicked on it.
I can see all the colors that
are being used in there.
And if I just wanted to get these
yellow circles and delete them,
I could do that as well, right?
These are the things that,
I think this is true for
both engineering as well
as using Figma for designs.
In a lot of cases,
if something feels tedious and
painful, it probably is and you probably
don't need to do it like that, right?
Nurture that sense that there's
a better way to live your life,
and that there's probably
an easier way to do this.
So yeah, we talked about selecting and
adjusting multiple layers.
We saw that we could see all
the colors in the sidebar as well.
The other thing that we kind
of mentioned earlier is,
we've got this Inspect panel, right?
And Inspect will kind of do
some interesting things here,
which is it helps you as you receive
this design to kind of parse out,
how am I gonna implement this, right?
At least give you the initial inspiration.
So if I go grab this frame,
as we saw before.
So this is what I use Figma for
a lot, even when I'm not supposed to.
Don't tell anyone, which is, I will never
remember the CSS syntax for box shadows.
I've been doing this now for longer
than I care to admit, like a decade and
a half longer.
I will never remember the HTML tag for
putting a CSS stylesheet in an HTML file.
No idea, it's a link.
No, cuz I do it so infrequently.
Same thing with box shadows.
So a lot of times I will, even if I know I
need to implement a box shadow, I'll open
up Figma, get the box shadow looking just
right, and then figure out what I did.
Getting that visual feedback loop is a lot
easier sometimes than tweaking the CSS,
looking at your browser.
Nope, still looks like garbage.
Flipping back, nope,
it still looks like garbage.
This is sometimes a lot easier.
The other nice part is it will
begin to set up some of your CSS.
Now, again, height, a lot of times, yeah,
the height should just be
relative to the size of the text.
We're not hard coding in pixel values for
height anymore.
But some of these are somewhat useful and
the colors are probably pulled out.
Border box,
you probably did on the HTML tag.
Copy and pasting this CSS is a way
to lose the respect of your peers.
But it at least kind of helps inspire
some of this for you, as well.
But yeah, take the box shadow,
they know that you want it,
so you can copy the box
shadow directly to even CSS.
And you can hit Copy and
there's your box shadow.
I'll just paste it in here real quick,
right?
And then you feel like a genius,
instantly.